---
title: Activity Report of SKIP 2023/2024
alt_title: What has SKIP been busy with under the academic year 2023/2024?
sub_title: An overview of the achievements and activities of the Student Association.

author:
  name: SKIP
comments: false
---

![Heading Banner](/assets/posts/activity-report-2023-2024/banner.png)

Here is, above all, a brief summary of the activities and achievements of SKIP
during the academic year 2023/2024. You can find a more detailed **report**
[here](/assets/posts/activity-report-2023-2024/report.pdf).

## Guest Lectures

SKIP organised a series of insightful **guest lectures**, featuring prominent
speakers like Ludvig Gee from **Reddit** and Dimitris Platis on ChatGPT and the
OpenAI API. These lectures enriched the academic experience of our members,
offering fresh perspectives on industry trends and innovations.

![GPT Guest Lecture](/assets/posts/activity-report-2023-2024/GPT_collage_poster.webp)
![Reddit Guest Lecture](/assets/posts/activity-report-2023-2024/reddit-guest-lecture.webp)

## Community Engagement Events

To foster a sense of camaraderie among members, SKIP hosted several
**community-building events**A notable example was our Pizza Night and Meet and
Greet sessions, which were well-received and provided a relaxed atmosphere for
networking. Additionally, our collaboration with OOPSEX sexmästerie for the
Board Game & Movie Night was a huge success, bringing together members for an
evening of fun and socialising.

![Pizza Night](/assets/posts/activity-report-2023-2024/pizza-night.webp)

## Collaborative Events

SKIP worked closely with other student associations to create unique events.
The **Gingerbread** event, co-hosted with GUWIT, and the March Game Jam, in
collaboration with Natasha Mangan, stood out as prime examples of creativity
and teamwork, offering participants opportunities to engage in hands-on
activities and strengthen their collaborative skills.

![Gingerbread Event](/assets/posts/activity-report-2023-2024/gingerbread-event.webp)

![Game Jam](/assets/posts/activity-report-2023-2024/game-jam.webp)

## Industry Interaction

The **SystemWeaver Hackathon** was a highlight of the year, bridging the gap
between academia and industry. The event included an introductory lecture from
company employees followed by a hands-on hackathon, providing invaluable
real-world experience for our members.

![SystemWeaver Hackathon](/assets/posts/activity-report-2023-2024/systemweaver-hackathon.webp)

## Online Presence & Communication

SKIP launched a new website *www.skipgu.org* serving as a central hub for
information about the organisation and its events. Our enhanced social media
presence on platforms like Instagram, LinkedIn, and Discord has significantly
increased our outreach and visibility within the student community.

## GitHub Organization & Resources

The creation of the [*"Past Exams"*](https://githubom/skipgu/past-exams)
repository has been particularly impactful, offering students easy access to
past exams, which are crucial for academic preparation. Additionally, we've set
up an Arduino Component Inventory and Borrowing System to facilitate hands-on
learning in IoT technology and Embedded Systems: [IoT Kits](https://skipgurg/skip-iot-kit/).

In summary, the fiscal year 2023/2024 was marked by a range of successful
events, activities, and initiatives undertaken by SKIP, aimed at promoting
academic excellence, community engagement, and professional development among
its members. Despite challenges and setbacks, SKIP remains committed to its
mission of fostering a vibrant and inclusive academic community.

Michal Spano,<br>
Chairman of SKIP 2023/2024<br>
*SKIP – Student Association*
